README.md, before:

# CamelCaser

A Rack middleware for converting the params keys and JSON response keys of a Rack application.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'camel_caser'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install camel_caser

## Usage

If you're using Rails, that's it. You haven't to do anything more. If you're not using Rails, you will have to add to your config.ru:

```rb
require 'camel_caser'

use CamelCaser::Middleware
```

## Configuration

There are various configuration options as well as HTTP headers available to
make the middleware act as you want it to.

in your configuration file (such as application.rb if you are using Rails)

```
CamelCaser.configure do |config|
  config.excluded_routes = [
    Regexp.new('api/model/certificates')
  ]
end
```

There are several options available

| Option | Example | Meaning |
|--------|---------|----------------------|
| **excluded_routes** | see above | An Array of Strings an/or Regexps defining which paths should not be touched by the middleware. The entries should matchs paths for your application. They should *not* start with a leading slash. |
|**default_json_request_key_transformation_strategy**|underscore|Defines how the middleware should treat incoming parameters via Request. Which means how they get tranformed, i.e. defining _underscore_ here means that incoming parameters get underscore. Possible values are _underscore_ and _camelize_|
|**default_json_response_key_transformation_strategy**|camelize|Same as *default_json_request_key_transformation_strategy, but for responses. I.e. this defines to which format the keys get transformed when the response gets sent.
|**json_request_format_header**|request-json-format|Defines the HTTP Header 
key which sets the request transformation strategy as in 
*default_json_request_key_transformation_strategy*. This definition has 
higher priority than the default definition. Any valid HTTP Header String 
value is possible. Defaults to 'request-json-format'|
|**json_response_format_header**|response-json-format|Same as 
*json_request_format_header*, but for the response handling. Defaults to 
'response-json-format'|
|**camelize_ignore_uppercase_keys** | `true` | don't camelize Keys that are all
 Uppercase, like CountryCodes "EN" ... |
|**accepted_content_types**|`['application/json', 'text/x-json']`|A list of HTTP
 content types upon which the middleware shall trigger and possibly start 
 conversion. Defaults to `['application/json', 
 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded', 'text/x-json']`. If `nil` is present in
  the list, requests/responses with *no* Content-Type header will be 
  processed as well.|

## Tests

Just run `rspec` and you are off to go. This runs the whole suite including
specs for unit- & integrationtests for Rails and Rack.

Commit message:

added allowed_accepts configuration option
* renamed "accepted_content_types" option to "allowed_content_types"
* updated specs to use various header formats

README.md, after:

# CamelCaser

A Rack middleware for converting the params keys and JSON response keys of a Rack application.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'camel_caser'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install camel_caser

## Usage

If you're using Rails, that's it. You haven't to do anything more. If you're not using Rails, you will have to add to your config.ru:

```rb
require 'camel_caser'

use CamelCaser::Middleware
```

## Configuration

There are various configuration options as well as HTTP headers available to
make the middleware act as you want it to.

in your configuration file (such as application.rb if you are using Rails)

```
CamelCaser.configure do |config|
  config.excluded_routes = [
    Regexp.new('api/model/certificates')
  ]
end
```

There are several options available

| Option | Example | Meaning |
|--------|---------|----------------------|
| **excluded_routes** | see above | An Array of Strings an/or Regexps defining which paths should not be touched by the middleware. The entries should matchs paths for your application. They should *not* start with a leading slash. |
|**default_json_request_key_transformation_strategy**|underscore|Defines how the middleware should treat incoming parameters via Request. Which means how they get tranformed, i.e. defining _underscore_ here means that incoming parameters get underscore. Possible values are _underscore_ and _camelize_|
|**default_json_response_key_transformation_strategy**|camelize|Same as *default_json_request_key_transformation_strategy, but for responses. I.e. this defines to which format the keys get transformed when the response gets sent.
|**json_request_format_header**|request-json-format|Defines the HTTP Header 
key which sets the request transformation strategy as in 
*default_json_request_key_transformation_strategy*. This definition has 
higher priority than the default definition. Any valid HTTP Header String 
value is possible. Defaults to 'request-json-format'|
|**json_response_format_header**|response-json-format|Same as 
*json_request_format_header*, but for the response handling. Defaults to 
'response-json-format'|
|**camelize_ignore_uppercase_keys** | `true` | don't camelize Keys that are all
 Uppercase, like CountryCodes "EN" ... |
|**allowed_content_types**|`['application/json', 'text/x-json']`|A list of HTTP
 content types upon which the middleware shall trigger and possibly start 
 conversion. Defaults to `['application/json', 
 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded', 'text/x-json']`. If `nil` is present in
  the list, requests/responses with *no* Content-Type header will be 
  processed as well.|
|**allowed_accepts**|`['application/json', 'text/x-json']`|Same as 
**accepted_content_types**, but reacts to the HTTP Accept Header. Applies to 
the same possible options, behavior. Defaults to the same set of MIME types, 
but also includes `nil` by default, which ignores checking the Accept header 
in default configuration| 

## Tests

Just run `rspec` and you are off to go. This runs the whole suite including
specs for unit- & integrationtests for Rails and Rack.
